/****************************************************/
/*			Name:	Function Fanatics			  */
/*			Class: CSCE A201 MWF					*/
/*			File: Group Project						*/
/*			Date:	4/14/2024								*/
/****************************************************/

Projects Purpose: Allows the user to choose between an employee or customer menu for the Function Fanatics electronics store, facilitating the tracking of prices and items in stock and sold in the store. 

How to build: To build the program start off by making sure that you have the 2 Products.txt and Stocks&Prices.txt files in your .cpp folder. Stocks&Prices.txt contains the Prices and total stock of each item sold in the store. Products.txt contains the options of products sold by the store. To begin coding create 3 arrays for prices, stock, and products and open the Stocks&Prices.txt and Products.txt files then loop through all the prices, total stock, and products to access each value and string within the file. Run the same loop to create an initial array of items sold and make that equal to 0. Then make a while loop and switch statement for the 1st menu to contain the options and cases for the employee and public menus,as well a case to exit the program. Create an int variable for total sales and an item sold array that is the same size as prices and stock. Make total sales equal to the public menu function. From here you will want to initialize your functions to be called in each case in the 1st menu. For the Employee and Public menus, you will want to almost repeat the process of creating the 1st menu with while loops and switch statements. You will then want to repeat the process of initializing functions for the various items to be sold in the public menu and employee menu options. For the item functions, you will want a while loop to validate user inputs and a switch statement to track the items sold and stock of the existing items. Do this by incrementing items sold by 1 and subtracting 1 from stock depending upon what user input is. For the employee menu functions you will want an embedded for loop to track the total sales and stock, use the 2 arrays you built earlier to get an itemized list. To get the functions to work properly you will then need to pass the prices, items sold, stock, products arrays, and the total sales columns, rows, and product col integers to the employee menu function. You will want to pass the same values to the receipt function. For the sales profit function you will need to pass the prices, items sold, and products arrays. The remaining stock function will only need the stock and products arrays. For the public menu you will need to pass the prices, items sold, stock, and products arrays. For the item functions, you must pass the user input, prices, items sold, stock, and products arrays. For the customer receipt, you will need to create a pointer that points to the total that increments the total price for each item purchased the amount of items sold increments within the public menu while loop. Then print out the sales and total to an output statement after the user chooses to exit the public menu while loop. For the employee receipt, you will need to create an output file named Receipt and then create 2 embedded for loops to output the itemized sales, remaining stocks, total sales, and earnings. Repeat this process using cout to print to screen. Format everything the way you would like with setprecision,setw, and /t to make everything format automatically. You will need to include #include<fstream>,#include<iomanip>,#include<iostream>,#include<string>, and #include<time.h>.

How to run: To run through the program be sure to have the Stock&Prices.txt and Products.txt files in the folder where your .cpp file is. Then run the program in your IDE and you will see the 1st menu containing three options 1.Employee Menu for employees of the store 2.Public Menu for customers shopping 3.Shut Down will exit the program entirely. To access each menu select the number before the menu you would like to access and press enter. The Employee menu will bring up 4 options 1.Total sales and profit will show the total sales/profit made from purchases 2.Current Stock will show the remaining stock of each item 3.Export to File works like a receipt for the employee or owner where it will print out the date and time for the receipt, itemized sales, total sales, and remaining stock to a .txt file named Receipt. 4.Exit will then return you to the 1st menu. The public menu will bring up a list of items that are available to be purchased, To purchase an item, select the item you would like to purchase, and then you will see a submenu for 2 different options for that item, You will see the price and current stock of each item. Once you choose an option, you can select another option to purchase until you have purchased what you desired, and then press 0 to return to the 1st menu. After exiting the public menu, the customer will see how many items they have purchased and the total price that is owed from the purchase. 

Dependencies: You will need the Stock&Prices.txt and Products.txt files or create files that contain 20 float prices and 20 int stock numbers for Stock&Prices. To create a Products.txt you will need 10 primary strings for your primary options and then 2 sub-options for each primary option. 
